README.md, before:

<!-- Logo -->
<img src=".github/logo.png" align="right" width="129"/>

<!-- Title -->

# HORUS · SOFTWARE

[![license-badge]][license-url] [![pnpm-badge]][pnpm-url] [![typescript-badge]][typescript-url] [![nestjs-badge]][nestjs-url] [![angular-badge]][angular-url]

<!-- Short Description -->

> The home for everything in the [horus.software][horus-software-url] ecosystem.

<!-- Description -->

This monorepo contains all core projects and shared packages of the [horus.software][horus-software-url] ecosystem. Built with [PNPM][pnpm-url] workspaces for scalable development, and developed using [TypeScript][typescript-url] as the primary language, [NestJS][nestjs-url] for backend services and [Angular][angular-url] for frontend applications.

<!-- Links -->

[pnpm-url]: https://pnpm.io/
[nestjs-url]: https://nestjs.com
[angular-url]: https://angular.dev
[horus-software-url]: https://horus.software
[typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org
[license-url]: https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause

<!-- Badges -->

[pnpm-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PNPM-latest-F69220.svg?style=flat-square&logo=pnpm&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[nestjs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-latest-E0234E.svg?style=flat-square&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[angular-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-latest-0F0F11.svg?style=flat-square&logo=angular&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[typescript-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-latest-3178C6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD_3_Clause-3DA639.svg?style=flat-square&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray

Commit message:

docs: update README.md description and badges for Next.js adoption

README.md, after:

<!-- Logo -->
<img src=".github/logo.png" align="right" width="129"/>

<!-- Title -->

# HORUS · SOFTWARE

[![license-badge]][license-url] [![pnpm-badge]][pnpm-url] [![typescript-badge]][typescript-url] [![nestjs-badge]][nestjs-url] [![nextjs-badge]][nextjs-url]

<!-- Short Description -->

> The home for everything in the [horus.software][horus-software-url] ecosystem.

<!-- Description -->

This monorepo contains all core projects and shared packages of the [horus.software][horus-software-url] ecosystem. Built with [PNPM][pnpm-url] workspaces for scalable development, and developed using [TypeScript][typescript-url] as the primary language, [NestJS][nestjs-url] for backend services and [Next.js][nextjs-url] for frontend applications.

<!-- Links -->

[pnpm-url]: https://pnpm.io
[nestjs-url]: https://nestjs.com
[nextjs-url]: https://nextjs.org
[horus-software-url]: https://horus.software
[typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org
[license-url]: https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause

<!-- Badges -->

[pnpm-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/PNPM-latest-F69220.svg?style=flat-square&logo=pnpm&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[nestjs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-latest-E0234E.svg?style=flat-square&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[nextjs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-latest-000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[typescript-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-latest-3178C6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD_3_Clause-3DA639.svg?style=flat-square&logo=opensourceinitiative&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
